README.md, before:

<img width="1200" height="600" alt="tomato-banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/05d8c6a7-215b-4df5-9366-5e872de70a34" />

# Zach's Tomato

- An attempt to rewrite my [old Pomodoro timer](https://github.com/wmcmo/pomodoro) using React Framework (Vite) as a practice.
- This is also my first responsive application.
- v1.3.0 で日本語に対応しました
- v1.3.3 Added shortcut for toggling Play/Pause (`space`), Language (`L`), Theme (`T`).

## Usage

- Pomodoro = 25 mins of focusing
- Short Break = 5 mins
- Long Break = 15 mins break. You will get this every 2 sets of Pomodoro (i.e. every 50 + 10 mins, an hour)

## Things I want to work on

- [x] Togglable dark theme
- [ ] Make it PWA friendly for mobile (IOS+Android)
- [x] Adjust white color
- [x] Countdown timer component (`v1.6.0`)
- [x] Use `localStorage` to locally save current session number and state
- [ ] Ability to customize the in-app title (From `Zach's Tomato`)

---

## Attribution

- Icons: [phosphor-icon](https://github.com/phosphor-icons/react) for react, one of the best icon llibraries I have ever used

Commit message:

docs: correct capitalization in PWA task and add signin feature to future work

README.md, after:

<img width="1200" height="600" alt="tomato-banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/05d8c6a7-215b-4df5-9366-5e872de70a34" />

# Zach's Tomato

- An attempt to rewrite my [old Pomodoro timer](https://github.com/wmcmo/pomodoro) using React Framework (Vite) as a practice.
- This is also my first responsive application.
- v1.3.0 で日本語に対応しました
- v1.3.3 Added shortcut for toggling Play/Pause (`space`), Language (`L`), Theme (`T`).

## Usage

- Pomodoro = 25 mins of focusing
- Short Break = 5 mins
- Long Break = 15 mins break. You will get this every 2 sets of Pomodoro (i.e. every 50 + 10 mins, an hour)

## Things I want to work on

- [x] Togglable dark theme
- [ ] Make it PWA friendly for mobile (iOS+Android)
- [x] Adjust white color
- [x] Countdown timer component (`v1.6.0`)
- [x] Use `localStorage` to locally save current session number and state
- [ ] Ability to customize the in-app title (From `Zach's Tomato`)
- [ ] Signin to save information and sync to your Notion Page.

---

## Attribution

- Icons: [phosphor-icon](https://github.com/phosphor-icons/react) for react, one of the best icon llibraries I have ever used
